#summary TestManager Overview

= TestManager Overview =

TestManager is a supporting tool for test management in terms of easy overview of multiple test execution and execution trends. Helps testers to evaluate test results much faster and report issues quickly.

A centralized collection of test results makes it possible to see all your results in one place. Quickly access your older results and have a common knowledge database about your failed tests, bugs and test script errors.

The common knowledge base helps you analyse your current test results based on your previous experiences. The error database is shared across all results, so all co-workers help each other in the process making bug finding a lot faster.

Trends are also available and are instantly generated while your tests are running. Pie charts, line charts are there for you to help you visualize your current state of testing.

= Who can use it? =

  * TestManager is advised for those who want a good tracking system for their tests. Testers who work together, spending time on test analysis. This tool will greatly increase their performance.
  * You should have full control over your test executor. This means you have to be able to call TestManager's reporting start and stop functions from your code appropriately parameterized. See 'testmanager-tester' project for examples.

=Take a look=

Check out TestManager's PowerPoint presentation in the Downloads section. There you'll get a quick look on it's features and usage.